refactor: Refactor New Meshing Workflow. (#2477)
ansys/pyfluent: doc/source/user_guide/meshing_workflow/index.rst

.. _ref_meshing_workflow:

================
Meshing Workflow
================
Fluent meshing guided workflows are designed to make it easier to generate a
volume mesh starting from CAD geometries. You can use PyFluent to access the guided workflows.

> Workflows are divided into the new :ref:`ref_user_guide_new_meshing_workflows` and :ref:`ref_user_guide_meshing_workflows` which align with the journaled syntax.

Reviewer: Vale doesn't like _journaled_, but _journal_ is more appropriate here, anyway.

Reviewer: As mentioned, the comma before _and_ would ensure that the clause after which is only bound to the classic part.

> Workflows are divided into the new :ref:`ref_user_guide_new_meshing_workflows` and :ref:`ref_user_guide_meshing_workflows` which align with the journaled syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflows are divided into the new :ref:`ref_user_guide_new_meshing_workflows`, and :ref:`ref_user_guide_meshing_workflows` which align with the journal syntax.
```

.. _ref_meshing_workflow:

================
Meshing Workflow
================
Fluent meshing guided workflows are designed to make it easier to generate a
volume mesh starting from CAD geometries. You can use PyFluent to access the guided workflows.

> Refer :ref:`ref_user_guide_meshing_workflows` for classic meshing workflow interface that appear

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See :ref:`ref_user_guide_meshing_workflows` for the classic meshing workflow interface that appears
```
If you really want to use "Refer" instead, you will need to add the missing to. Also, given that "interface" is singular, I changed the verb to "appears"; however, if it should be "interfaces," then "appear" would be correct.

Reviewer: Note also the redundancy:

![image](https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/assets/93727996/36583888-921b-47ef-8adc-b14efd326a55)

> See :ref:`ref_user_guide_meshing_workflows` for the earlier interface that appears
> in journals or :ref:`ref_user_guide_new_meshing_workflows` for the improved Pythonic interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflows are divided into the new :ref:`ref_user_guide_new_meshing_workflows` and :ref:`ref_user_guide_meshing_workflows` which align with the journaled syntax.
```

Reviewer: N.b. I added a comma here to make it clear that only the latter is aligned with journaling.
